add KM Douglass post (#70)
rust-scicomp/scientific-computing-in-rust-monthly: drafts/2026-04.md

### [<author>, <title>](<link>)
<brief description>
-->
[Douglass, Kyle M., Ray-Surface Intersections with the Newton-Raphson Algorithm](https://kylemdouglass.com/posts/ray-surface-intersections-with-the-newton-raphson-algorithm/)

> A deep-dive on ray-surface intersection calculation with the Newton-Raphson algorithm from a mathematical point of view but also. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deep dive on ray-surface intersection calculations with the Newton-Raphson algorithm from a mathematical point of view.
```

> The article also discusses how debugging using the `tracing` crate helped in finding the issue and improving the [Cherry ray tracer](https://kmdouglass.github.io/cherry/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The article also discusses how the `tracing` crate helped find the issue and improve the [Cherry Ray Tracer](https://github.com/kmdouglass/cherry/).
```
